Added new MULTI_ADDRESS_LIST EA (#3423)
smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js: packages/composites/multi-address-list/README.md

|    ✅     |       bitgo.coin        |           |                                                  A cryptocurrency symbol or token ticker symbol                                                   |  string  |                                                 |           |            |                |
|           |      bitgo.chainId      |           |                                                           The ID of the chain to return                                                           |  string  |              `mainnet`, `testnet`               | `mainnet` |            |                |
|           |      bitgo.network      |           |                                                               The network to return                                                               |  string  |                                                 | `bitcoin` |            |                |

> |    ✅     |      bitgo.reserve      |           |                     Used to select {$reserve}_API_KEY {$reserve}\_API_ENDPOINT {$reserve}\_API_LIMIT in environment variables                     |  string  |                                                 |           |            |                |

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this description carry over, similar for cbp

But for the sake of this PR, let's ignore it

|           | coinbasePrime.batchSize |           |                                                    The number of addresses to fetch at a time                                                     |  number  |                                                 |   `100`   |            |                |
|           |  coinbasePrime.apiKey   |           | Alternative api keys to use for this request, {$apiKey}_ACCESS_KEY {$apiKey}\_PASSPHRASE {$apiKey}\_SIGNING_KEY required in environment variables |  string  |                                                 |           |            |                |
|           | coinbasePrime.endpoint  |           |                                                        Endpoint name to make a request to                                                         |  string  |                                                 | `wallet`  |            |                |

### Example

Request:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "endpoint": "address-list",

>     "anchorage": {

Reviewer: maybe silly question since i haven't looked at the code yet, but is the idea that for any given request, only the EAs listed in the request will be called?

Author: I changed this part. The EA will request only to sources that are in the request

>       "vaultId": "b0bb2439c1e4926542ce693b4db2e883",

Reviewer: maybe put a different vaultId :P

|           | coinbasePrime.batchSize |           |                                                    The number of addresses to fetch at a time                                                     |  number  |                                                 |   `100`   |            |                |
|           |  coinbasePrime.apiKey   |           | Alternative api keys to use for this request, {$apiKey}_ACCESS_KEY {$apiKey}\_PASSPHRASE {$apiKey}\_SIGNING_KEY required in environment variables |  string  |                                                 |           |            |                |
|           | coinbasePrime.endpoint  |           |                                                        Endpoint name to make a request to                                                         |  string  |                                                 | `wallet`  |            |                |

### Example

> There are no examples for this endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Can we build an example?

---

## Data Provider Rate Limits

There are no rate limits for this adapter.

---

## Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |  Type  |           Options            |  Default  |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----: | :--------------------------: | :-------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | string | [address](#address-endpoint) | `address` |

## Address Endpoint

`address` is the only supported name for this endpoint.

### Input Params

| Required? |  Name   | Aliases |          Description          |  Type  |       Options        |  Default  | Depends On | Not Valid With |
| :-------: | :-----: | :-----: | :---------------------------: | :----: | :------------------: | :-------: | :--------: | :------------: |
|           | chainId |         | The ID of the chain to return | string | `mainnet`, `testnet` | `mainnet` |            |                |
|           | network |         |     The network to return     | string |                      | `bitcoin` |            |                |

> **Please note that this EA requires additional input parameters for each of the underlying EAs. Please see the READMEs for the individual EAs for more information.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note that this EA requires additional input parameters for each of the underlying EAs. See their respective READMEs for more information.**
```
